Please treat this information as confidential.

Background

By way of background, I am a qualified solicitor and in the past I
worked as a criminal defence solicitor.

A lot of a criminal solicitors work is to put forward mitigation
evidence in court on behalf of clients who, for example, have been
caught committing an offence red-handed. Very often the mitigation put
forward was quite standard, and its purpose is to lessen the punishment.

I then worked in medical defence representing nurses who came before the
regulating body, the NMC. Again, this requires me to put forward
mitigation evidence on behalf of a nurse, who, for example was charged
with speeding or drink driving.

I now want to offer the service with the help of AI to the public.

My AI project

I have started my AI project to prepare a chat bot for the public to use
in similar cases where they have been charged with minor criminal
offences only.

I decided that my chat bot would be made using Claude AI as I had read
good reviews about its accuracy and reduction in hallucinations. In my
area of work these, along with security measures, are extremely
important.

I want a MVP at this stage so I can see how it looks and operates.

Where I have got to

I hired a developer in Germany to undertake some work on this project.
He is now not able to do anymore work due to personal circumstances.
This is what we have done:

I am using:

Claude API

GitHib

Pinecone (for RAG)

Render

My developer scrapped quite a bit of caselaw from regulatory body,
websites and other public source data specifically relating to
mitigation. This is on my RAG in Pinecone (Json files).

My Prompt

I created my own detailed prompt for the Claude API. My first (and only
so far) prompt related to medical professionals mitigation. The prompt
contained approximately 40 to 50 questions, which the nurse or whoever
was using the chatbot would have to answer to give me a full picture of
the offence and the mitigation factors.

When we tested it the first time around I wanted the chatbot to be
conversational with the user, sympathetic and engaging. I wanted one
question answered at a time with the chatbot saving the answers in the
background with a view to preparing the mitigation statement later. My
developer told me that this method was using too many Claude tokens and
would not be cost effective.

We then thought about using an online form instead to collect the
answers but could not agree on the best way to do this or what form
software to use (JotForm, Fillable etc…). I would welcome your
recommendations here.

Similar Example:

You will see a company offering a similar sort of service here -
https://www.mylawyer.co.uk/how-mylawyer-works-c/

I don’t know what questionnaire/form Mylawyer use or how their system
works, but mine may be similar if it is more cost effective to use a
form. Like their system, my questions and forms should be tailored to
the specific issue at hand, and in my case the specific offence. I would
like to start with general mitigation factors which would apply to most
cases. However, I may also want to have so 3 or 4 different forms and
prompts for the type of offence the customer chooses. (on the Bubble
interface I was thinking of offering the following options via a
dropdown list:

1.  Driving offences

2.  TV licensing offences

3.  Professional regulation

4.  Minor criminal offences

When the customer picked from the drop-down list then the appropriate
form questionnaire would be sent to then to complete. When the
questionnaire was completed then it would be fed into Claude to process.
Claude would then be promoted to prepare a statement based on their
answers and would also use my RAG to help.

When completed the chatbot would hopefully provide a mitigation
statement tailored to the offence and data it has been trained on.

Like the Mylawyer offering, I would like my clients to make payment when
the form or is submitted (third party payment widget). Upon payment I
would review the statement given by the chatbot/Claude to confirm if it
was ok, and if it was then send it to the customer.

Due to the nature of the business I don’t really want to keep any
personal data of users, but accept that I will have too so I can send
them their response. Is it possible to use Google login or NVIDIA so I
don’t have to collect any data?

Frontend/Current situation

I don’t have a frontend product in place. For testing my developer in
Germany created an interface using his own Vercel software (?). If I
wanted to change my prompt I had to do it via him. This was simply not
feasible as I may have to change the prompt 100 times before it is
correct. The output needs to be exactly right in my line of work as
peoples reputation and potential job relied on proper mitigation.

My current situation is that I now have a backend system with no
front-end system. I need to fine tune/test the chat bot model against my
prompt and make adjustments as necessary.

I now have my backend set up and need to know where to go from here to
see the chatbot in action and to test the outputs.

I want the chatbot to be hosted on a website shortly (I am in the
process of looking at domains). Personally, I would like a 4 or 5 page
website to use as an interface, but someone said Wordpress would be too
heavy for it??? What do you recommend? I need something that is going to
be able to scale if need be.

What I now need help with:

1.  Creation of a Bubble.io interface or front end. (Claude also
    proposed other solutions such as Webflow, FlutterFlow, Chatbase,
    Botsify, Adalo and Glide. These mean nothing to me! I need an
    experts help.)

2.  I have heard people talking about a React.js program as front-end
    however, I would like to have a website with potentially five pages
    maximum that would embed the chatbot. What is my best option?

3.  Can you advise around the prompt issue? I would prefer a
    conversational chatbot, asking one question at a time in a
    lawyer/client type conversation, or form filling? If form filling
    then any particular favourite or custom made one?

4.  If a questionnaire is the only way of doing this then I need help
    with the creation of a Claude API and Bubble.io compatible
    questionnaire for the customer to fill in and then this needs
    feeding into Claude to prepare a response.

5.  How much would you say it would take to get this to a MVP from here
    and what timescales?

Thanks

Gary

[A screenshot of a website AI-generated content may be incorrect.]

https://www.mylawyer.co.uk/
